Privacy Policy
This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on ORTHOISO's applications for iPhone and any other devices and platforms.

Information we collect
Currently, we do not collect user information. Your records of using our application will be and will only be on your own devices. 

Ads and analytics
No personal data will be used for ads and analytics.

Information usage
We will not use the information we collect, if any in the future, on anything other than our own website, applications and customer supports.

We do not share personal information with outside parties.

We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.

Security
Since we don't handle or keep personal information, we don't provide measures related to information security. No network connection is required.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.

International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.

Your Consent
By using our site or apps, you consent to our privacy policy.

Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email orthoisothegame@gmail.com.

2018-2019 ORTHOISO